Questions:
Covariance - why don't ETFs have covariance of 1 with themselves?  (Maybe because covariance with itself is just the variance)
Is it possible to use variable risk-free rate? (Don't think so, and probably not important) Risk-free rate: https://mba.tuck.dartmouth.edu/pages/faculty/ken.french/data_library.html Fama/French 3 Factors (normal, weekly and daily)
Why are the sharpe ratios so high? Could some calculations be wrong?
How to deal with recent ETFs that have really high expected returns?
Return does not include dividend reinvestment. How can we consider dividends?
Include management fees in expected returns (can it simply be subtracted? expected_return - TER)
How to deal with cutoff and rounding? (Too high and you get weird results, too low and you get too many assets)
Fix and understand "covariance matrix is non positive semidefinite" warning (Example: IE00B99FL386 and LU2090062865)

TO DO:
Add current optimizer as REST endpoint that returns portfolio and performance
Add some filters (cutoff, rounding, shorting, domicile country, distribution policy)
Have static ETFList so you don't have to load it for every optimization
Dockerize optimizer
Fix non-complete historicalData (some etfs have data that is missing a lot of days in between days with data, but this shouldn't happen because all those days have data normally)

Calculations:
Remove etfs that aren't traded anymore (maybe also remove ETFs that have less than a year(?) of returns)

Portfolio filter:
Add maximum weight for a single asset
Add maximum number of assets
Allow shorting (gives weird results)
Filter by: listings, region, country, sector, domicile country, currency, replication, distribution policy
Maybe need to scrape justETF to get more information(listings)

Display results:
Show ETFs by name and ISIN
Select initial value and display how many shares to buy of each
Create plot

What to do with results?
Perform back-testing
Add another optimizer (maximum volatility, regime switching or other) and compare
Choose maximum risk or expected return (other optimizer)

Future:
Add logic to get updated daily data
Use etfDB in the future (or get the full list of ETFs from justETF)
Create UI/backend to allow users to interact with the optimizer
Create docker for backend